Last updated: July 9, 2008

These tools/applications are for Windows
only. You will have to recompile them from
source code (not provided here) if you want
to use them. Those in "onscripter-tools_win.zip"
can be compiled from the ONScripter source
code. All instructions assume that the tools
are placed in the same folder as the data files.

When converting the files, remember to set the
output to a _different_ filename than the
original but rename the file when you copy it
onto your iPod (i.e. convert "arc.nsa" to
"arc-ipod.nsa", copy "arc-ipod.nsa" to your iPod,
then rename the "arc-ipod.nsa" on your iPod to
"arc.nsa"). Failing to do so may result in
overwriting the original files as corrupt 0 or
1 KB files.

To resize pictures to smaller dimensions:
 nsaconv 640 xxx arc.nsa arc-ipod.nsa
 sarconv 640 xxx arc.sar arc-ipod.sar
where xxx is your iPod's width
(nano=176, photo/colour=220, video=320)
Note that nsaconv cannot resize PNG files
such as the ones used in a mirror moon
patched Tsukihime. To resize these files,
see next.

To manually resize pictures, you need to
extract the files, resize the files, then
re-archive them.
To extract:
 nsaout
 (for arc.sar files, use SarOut.exe;
  select your .sar file, click the first
  button in the box on the right, then OK)
For resizing, ImageMagick is recommended:
(note that Windows users may have to
 rename the "convert.exe" to "convert2.exe"
 to avoid conflicting with Windows' own
 "convert" command)
 for /r %f in (*.PNG *.BMP *.JPG)
  do convert2.exe "%f" -resize xx.x% "%f"
where xx.x is the percent ratio between
640 and your iPod's screen width
(nano=27.5, photo/colour=34.4, video=50.0)
To re-archive:
 nsaarc (then select folder)
 SarAll (then select folder)

If you wish not to manually resize the PNGs,
you may want to convert all the PNG files to
JPG format (ImageMagick probably also has a
tool for that). If you do that, you will also
have to edit the game script (nscript.dat)
itself and replace all instances of ".png"
with ".jpg", then repack the archive and use
nsaconv or sarconv on it to do the resizing.
To edit the game script:
 NSDEC (then rename "result.txt" to "0.txt")
ONScripter will accept either a "nscript.dat"
or "0.txt", so you can use either (but not
both).

Note that audio does not seem to work for
the iPodLinux build of ONScripter (SDL_mixer
probably needs some hacking) so audio files
inside the archives can be deleted and no
"cd" folder is needed. While you have the
files extracted, feel free to delete all
.mp3/.ogg/.wav files.

For more complex/game-specific instructions,
search Google. Tutorials for converting
NScripter games to the PSP port of ONScripter
will work as long as the iPod screen sizes
are used instead of the PSP's (320 width).
Most games use a native screen width of either
640 or 800 - extract the archives with nsaout
or SarOut to inspect the CG files. Note that
some of the newer visual novels that use the
more capable KiriKiri (which use .xp3 archives),
such as Fate/Stay Night, can be converted to
NScripter format. Search Google for such
converting tools.

